# Entry 1

  Originally, I wanted to do a project somewhat related to mental health, but upon realising it wasn't the right kind of science for STEM, I decided to focus on another important topic to me. This one was vintage computers and electronics, such as the NES, Atari, Commodore, Apple and IBM PCs. My main reason for wanting to do this topic besides my large interest in it is my concern for how obsolete this older technology is becoming. I'm not saying non-practical means obsolete, but rather the lack of knowledge that it exists in the first place, and it wasn't made that long ago. Without these pieces of equipment, we wouldn't have our present day macbooks and windows pcs. I think it's increasingly important that people learn the history behind the technology they use every day, so we can understand the basics behind how what runs the world works.
    My main source of inspiration is a youtube channel known as The 8-Bit Guy, and his website the8bitguy.com, which is a channel dedicated to old/vintage/obsolete technology and the history behind huge companies such as the ones previously mentioned (commodore, atari, IBM). I first found David's channel in 8th grade, when I was just getting into the hardware aspect of computers, starting to open up devices that no longer worked or were no longer being used, like old flip phones and usb/bus port keyboards. I would watch his videos in my free time, and using the knowledge I aquired from his documentaries and restoration videos, I would attempt, and most of the time fail for the first year or so, to fix what was non functional. I started small, with keys that lacked a conductive surface on keyboards, and eventually worked my way up to making a piano out of buttons and a breadboard, and eventually re socketing chips on a laptop with a RAM chip that was loose, and making poor contact. 
    This technology is important to me and should be to others, so I hope that with this project I can reach people who otherwise wouldn't know the history behind one of the most important inventions of the past hundred years. Without it, I wouldn't be able to write this entry on my laptop, which is using it's hardware and software together, made by apple, which surprisingly has been around a LOT longer than most people think. A simple google search can open your eyes to the world of technology before the internet, with cassette storage, disk drives and cartridge ram expansion cards. 

[Home](../README.md)
